Remove all use of npm scripts and npx (#4590)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/installingLocal.md

git clone https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn.git
```

* Run PrairieLearn with:

```sh
docker run -it --rm -p 3000:3000 -v /path/to/PrairieLearn:/PrairieLearn prairielearn/prairielearn /bin/bash

# following commands are inside the container:
cd /PrairieLearn
npm ci                   # install packages, repeat this after switching branches or pulling new code
docker/start_support.sh  # start the DB, cache, etc.

> node server              # run PrairieLearn itself
> 
> # now you can Ctrl-C and run "node server" again to restart PrairieLearn (after code edits, for example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make start               # run PrairieLearn itself

# now you can Ctrl-C and run "make start" again to restart PrairieLearn (after code edits, for example)
```

# or Ctrl-C to stop PL and Ctrl-D to exit the container
```

The path `/path/to/PrairieLearn` above should be replaced with the *absolute* path to the PrairieLearn source on your computer.  If you're in the root of the source directory already, you can substitute `%cd%` (on Windows cmd), `${PWD}` (on Windows PowerShell), or `$PWD` (Linux, MacOS, and WSL) for `/path/to/PrairieLearn`.

## Running the test suite

The linters and tests for the Python and JavaScript code can be run with the following commands in a shell instance:

```sh
docker run -it --rm -p 3000:3000 -v /path/to/PrairieLearn:/PrairieLearn prairielearn/prairielearn /bin/bash

# following commands are inside the container:
cd /PrairieLearn
./docker/lint_js.sh
./docker/lint_python.sh
./docker/test_js.sh

> ./docker/test_python.sh

Reviewer: Linters could also be invoked with:
```
make lint-js
make lint-python
```
I believe the `make` target is easier to memorize. It may be a good idea to create `make` targets that include the test plus initialization as well, though I don't have a strong opinion on it.

Author: I changed to use `make` targets and I added targets for `test-js` and `test-python`. I didn't add targets that run the initialization because that causes problems with re-running those targets. I want to keep it so that you can run `make test` or `make lint` repeatedly, as part of a debug-edit-check cycle.

docker run -it --rm -p 3000:3000 -v /path/to/PrairieLearn:/PrairieLearn prairielearn/prairielearn /bin/bash
```

You can also run only package installation with:

```sh
docker run --rm -w /PrairieLearn -v /path/to/PrairieLearn:/PrairieLearn prairielearn/prairielearn /usr/local/bin/npm ci
```

## Auto-restarting the node server

The description at the start of this page suggests manually stopping and restarting PrairieLearn after you have edited any JavaScript files. You can alternatively use the `nodemon` package to watch for changes to code and auto-restart PrairieLearn. Two different ways to do this are:

> * Run PrairieLearn as described at the start of this page, but replace `node server` with `make start-nodemon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run PrairieLearn as described at the start of this page, but replace `make start` with `make start-nodemon`.
```
